doc/augmentations/badphotocopy.md, before:

# Bad Photocopy

The Bad Photocopy augmentation produces noise blobs simulating a dirty copier.

**Example Usage:**

```python
augmentation = BadPhotocopy(
	layer="ink",
	noise_density=(0.1, 0.9),
	max_iteration=(7, 9),
	hash_type=0,
	wave_pattern=1,
	p=0.5
	)
```

| Parameter       | Description                                                      |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `layer`		  | The image layer to apply the augmentation to.                    |
| `noise_density` | Density of noise blobs, lower value generates sparser noise.     |
| `max_iteration` | Iterations of noise value, higher value generates sparser noise. |
| `hash_type`     | Types of hashes to generate olsen noise.                         |
| `wave_pattern`  | To enable wave pattern in noise.                                 |
| `p`             | The probability this augmentation will be applied.               |

Click here for an [example Colab Notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_n7atcI-xVSpnV17YuzZhd9ISe735fBo?usp=sharing)

Commit message:

Update to use Perlin noise instead of Olsen noise in badphotocopy.

doc/augmentations/badphotocopy.md, after:

# Bad Photocopy

The Bad Photocopy augmentation produces noise blobs simulating a dirty copier.

**Example Usage:**

```python
augmentation = BadPhotocopy(
	layer="ink",
	nperiod = (4,4),
	octaves = 4,
	persistence = 0.5,
	lacunarity = 2,
	wave_pattern=1,
	p=0.5
	)
```

| Parameter       | Description                                                      |
|-----------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `layer`		  | The image layer to apply the augmentation to.                    |
| `nperiod`		  | The number of periods of noise to generate along each axis.      |
| `octaves`       | The number of octaves in the noise.                              |
| `persistence`   | The scaling factor between two octaves.                          |
| `lacunarity`    | The frequency factor between two octaves.                        |
| `wave_pattern`  | To enable wave pattern in noise.                                 |
| `p`             | The probability this augmentation will be applied.               |

Click here for an [example Colab Notebook](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1_n7atcI-xVSpnV17YuzZhd9ISe735fBo?usp=sharing)
